Manual Testing
Manual Testing
What is testing?
The process of identifying bugs or errors or defects.
The process ofchecking whether the project or product is satisfying the requirement ofthe
client or not.
Main objective oftesting?
Identify Defects or Bugs.
Verify Requirements.
Improve Quality.
Verify Requirements.
Ensure Performance and Reliability.
Compliance and Security.
User Experience (UX) Validation.
Ensure Performance and Reliability.
Why testing?
To ensure the developed software or project or product functions correctly, meets
requirements, and delivers a high-quality user experience.
1. What is testing?
 The process of identifying bugs or errors or defects.
 The process of checking whether the project or product is satisfying the requirement of the
client or not.
2. Main objective of testing?
 Identify Defects or Bugs.
 Verify Requirements.
 Improve Quality.
 Verify Requirements.
 Ensure Performance and Reliability.
 Compliance and Security.
 User Experience (UX) Validation.
 Ensure Performance and Reliability.
3. Why testing?
 To ensure the developed software or project or product functions correctly, meets
requirements, and delivers a high-quality user experience.
What is software testing?
Software testing is the testing of entire application. It means the process of checking if a
software application meets requirements and works as expected. Its main goal is to find
defects or bugs and ensure the software is reliable and performs well in different situations.
4. What is software testing?
 Software testing is the testing of entire application. It means the process of checking if a
software application meets requirements and works as expected. Its main goal is to find
defects or bugs and ensure the software is reliable and performs well in different situations.
What is the software quality?
5. What is the software quality?

The quality is defined a justification for all the requirements of a customer in a product
quality is not defined a product it will defined the customers mind.
justification for all the requirements of
The quality is defined
customer in a product
quality is not defined a product it will defined the customers mind.
Ex: Bug free, delivered on-time, budget, and meet requirements as per expectations,
maintainable.
Ex: Bug free, delivered on-time, budget, and meet requirements as per expectations,
maintainable.
What is quality software?
Bug free software.
Satisfy the requirement of clients
Delivering the project or product or software on time.
To reduce maintenance cost.
6. What is quality software?
 Bug free software.
 Satisfy the requirement of clients
 Delivering the project or product or software on time.
 To reduce maintenance cost.
What is difference b/n product and project?
PROJECT: A software application developed for a specific customer based on the requirements is called Project.
PRODUCT: A software application developed for multiple customers based on the market requirements is called
Product.
7. What is difference b/n product and project?
 PROJECT: A software application developed for a specific customer based on the requirements is called Project.
 PRODUCT: A software application developed for multiple customers based on the market requirements is called
Product.
8. What is the error?
What
the error?

't ¢ nothing but incorrect human action. That produces a false action.
It is nothing but incorrect human action. That produces a false action.

9. What are the Bug or defect and failure?
 BUG: Deviation from the behavior of the system.
 FAILURE: It is defines as the complete deviation from the actual behavior of the system.
10. Why software has bugs?
 Miscommunication.
 Software complexity
 Programming errors ( compile errors)
 Lack of skills (programming).
 Changing requirements.
11. What is the SDLC?
 The Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is a structured process used to develop software applications.
 The goal of SDLC is to ensure high-quality software that meets user requirements and is
delivered on time and within budget.
 It is fallow the below pattern.
Requirements Analysis
Design
Development
Testing
Maintenance
